docs(traffic light recognition): update documents (#6724)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/autoware_traffic_light_classifier/README.md

### cnn_classifier

Traffic light labels are classified by EfficientNet-b1 or MobileNet-v2.  
We trained classifiers for vehicular signals and pedestrian signals separately.

> For vehicular signals, totally 83400 (58600 for training, 14800 for evaluation and 10000 for test) TIER IV internal images of Japanese traffic lights were used for fine-tuning.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For vehicular signals, a total of 83400 (58600 for training, 14800 for evaluation and 10000 for test) TIER IV internal images of Japanese traffic lights were used for fine-tuning.  
```

The information of the models is listed here:
| Name | Input Size | Test Accuracy |
| --------------- | ---------- | ------------- |
| EfficientNet-b1 | 128 x 128 | 99.76% |
| MobileNet-v2 | 224 x 224 | 99.81% |

> For pedestrian signals, totally 21199 (17860 for training, 2114 for evaluation and 1225 for test) TIER IV internal images of Japanese traffic lights were used for fine-tuning.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For pedestrian signals, a total of 21199 (17860 for training, 2114 for evaluation and 1225 for test) TIER IV internal images of Japanese traffic lights were used for fine-tuning.  
```

| ----------------------------- | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `classifier_type`             | int   | if the value is `1`, cnn_classifier is used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `data_path`                   | str   | packages data and artifacts directory path                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `backlight_threshold`         | float | If the intensity get grater than this overwrite with UNKNOWN in corresponding RoI. Note that, if the value is much higher, the node only overwrites in the harsher backlight situations. Therefore, If you wouldn't like to use this feature set this value to `1.0`. The value can be `[0.0, 1.0]`. The confidence of overwritten signal is set to `0.0`. |

Reviewer: Can you write this better please?

Author: I rewrote it as:https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/6724/commits/e529247b56d761aa95e1c08828fc975a03d2d57b#diff-a6db2d5664399836c22f951aef589933ddf7d6ebf6077baf6616399984913404R66
